docs: Update HA tracker docs to use memberlist by default (#13002)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/helm-charts/mimir-distributed/run-production-environment-with-helm/configure-helm-ha-deduplication/index.md

  - ../configuring/configure-helm-ha-deduplication-consul/
description:
  Learn how to configure the Grafana Mimir Helm chart to handle HA Prometheus
  server deduplication.
menuTitle: Configure high-availability deduplication

> title: Configure high-availability deduplication with the Mimir distributed Helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configure high-availability deduplication in the Mimir distributed Helm chart
```

      ha_replica_label: __replica__
```

The `mimir` configuration block is similar to the globally configure HA deduplication setup. The `runtimeConfig` block

> is the configuration for per tenant HA deduplication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `mimir` configuration block is similar to the global HA deduplication configuration. The `runtimeConfig` block
configures per-tenant HA deduplication.
```
